README.md, before:

# bs-puppeteer

BuckleScript bindings to
[Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer)
(the Headless Chrome Node API)
written in [ReasonML](https://reasonml.github.io).
This allows programmatic control of an instance of the Chrome or Chromium browser
from BuckleScript or Reason.

[![NPM bs-puppeteer package](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bs-puppeteer.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/bs-puppeteer)
[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

## Status

These bindings are a work in progress.
Most bindings for navigation and interaction with web pages have been implemented.
There may be some minor breaking changes as we refine the API.
Bindings to the the page events API are planned for a future version.
See [examples](examples/) and the [test suite](__tests__/puppeteer_test.re)
for examples of usage.
Features of the Puppeteer API are implemented as we need or get to them.
We do our best to track upstream API changes.
If you would like to add or fix some bindings, see [Contributing](#contributing).

Changes are documented in [HISTORY.md](HISTORY.md).

## Creating a project using bs-puppeteer

Create a new BuckleScript project if you have not already:

```sh
bsb -init my-project -theme basic-reason
cd my-project
```

See the
[BuckleScript documentation](https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/installation.html)
for more information about starting a project.

Add bs-puppeteer as a dependency.
This will install the currently supported version of Puppeteer.

```sh
yarn
yarn add bs-puppeteer
```

Edit your `bsconfig.json` file to add `bs-puppeteer` to `bs-dependencies`:

```sh
  "bs-dependencies" : [
    "bs-puppeteer",
  ],
```

Now run:

```sh
yarn start
```

The `Puppeteer` module should now be available in your Reason source files.
While the `start` command is running, it will attempt to recompile your code each time you save it.
One-off builds can be done with `yarn build`.

For interacting with the DOM on pages you navigate to we recommend using
[bs-webapi](https://github.com/reasonml-community/bs-webapi-incubator).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome.
Get started by cloning the respository and starting the compiler in watch mode.
We recommend using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), but `npm` should also work.

### Basic development workflow

```sh
git clone https://github.com/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.git
cd bs-puppeteer
yarn
yarn start
```

Any changes should pass the test suite (`yarn test`).
One great way to contribute is by writing tests for features that don't yet have them.
Tests can be found in the `__tests__` directory.
A git hook will automatically run `refmt` on your code and run the test suite each time you commit.

### Snapshot diffs

If you would like to see a diff of the compiled javascript code from your changes,
you can take a snapshot of the built JS you would like to compare to with our `snap`
and `snap-diff` package commands.
A typical workflow might look like this:

```sh
git checkout master # you may want to stash any changes with git stash
yarn snap # snapshot the built JS to the snap/ directory
# edit the code to make whatever changes
yarn snap-diff
```

This should rebuild and display `git diff --no-index` output comparing `lib/js` and `snap/js`.
This can be handy in making sure that the right code is being generated.

### References

Good references for contributing to this library are:

- [BuckleScript Interop Cheatsheet](https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/interop-cheatsheet.html)
- [Puppeteer API Docs](https://pptr.dev)

## Projects using bs-puppeteer

- [Hamilton Lottery](https://github.com/jrdrg/hamilton-lottery)
- [lux-pos-web-wallet-e2e](https://github.com/rej156/lux-pos-web-wallet-e2e)

Commit message:

readme: fix namespace and point to launch fn

README.md, after:

# bs-puppeteer

BuckleScript bindings to
[Puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer)
(the Headless Chrome Node API)
written in [ReasonML](https://reasonml.github.io).
This allows programmatic control of an instance of the Chrome or Chromium browser
from BuckleScript or Reason.

[![NPM bs-puppeteer package](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/bs-puppeteer.svg)](https://npmjs.org/package/bs-puppeteer)
[![Travis build status](https://travis-ci.org/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

## Status

These bindings are a work in progress.
Most bindings for navigation and interaction with web pages have been implemented.
There may be some minor breaking changes as we refine the API.
Bindings to the the page events API are planned for a future version.
See [examples](examples/) and the [test suite](__tests__/puppeteer_test.re)
for examples of usage.
Features of the Puppeteer API are implemented as we need or get to them.
We do our best to track upstream API changes.
If you would like to add or fix some bindings, see [Contributing](#contributing).

Changes are documented in [HISTORY.md](HISTORY.md).

## Creating a project using bs-puppeteer

Create a new BuckleScript project if you have not already:

```sh
bsb -init my-project -theme basic-reason
cd my-project
```

See the
[BuckleScript documentation](https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/installation.html)
for more information about starting a project.

Add bs-puppeteer as a dependency.
This will install the currently supported version of Puppeteer.

```sh
yarn
yarn add bs-puppeteer
```

Edit your `bsconfig.json` file to add `bs-puppeteer` to `bs-dependencies`:

```sh
  "bs-dependencies" : [
    "bs-puppeteer",
  ],
```

Now run:

```sh
yarn start
```
While the `start` command is running, it will attempt to recompile your code each time you save it.
One-off builds can be done with `yarn build`.

The `BsPuppeteer` module should now be available in your source files.
You can launch a new browser instance using `BsPuppeteer.Puppeteer.launch()`.
See the [examples](examples/) for a more detailed demonstration.

For interacting with the DOM on pages you navigate to we recommend using
[bs-webapi](https://github.com/reasonml-community/bs-webapi-incubator).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome.
Get started by cloning the respository and starting the compiler in watch mode.
We recommend using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), but `npm` should also work.

### Basic development workflow

```sh
git clone https://github.com/bs-puppeteer/bs-puppeteer.git
cd bs-puppeteer
yarn
yarn start
```

Any changes should pass the test suite (`yarn test`).
One great way to contribute is by writing tests for features that don't yet have them.
Tests can be found in the `__tests__` directory.
A git hook will automatically run `refmt` on your code and run the test suite each time you commit.

### Snapshot diffs

If you would like to see a diff of the compiled javascript code from your changes,
you can take a snapshot of the built JS you would like to compare to with our `snap`
and `snap-diff` package commands.
A typical workflow might look like this:

```sh
git checkout master # you may want to stash any changes with git stash
yarn snap # snapshot the built JS to the snap/ directory
# edit the code to make whatever changes
yarn snap-diff
```

This should rebuild and display `git diff --no-index` output comparing `lib/js` and `snap/js`.
This can be handy in making sure that the right code is being generated.

### References

Good references for contributing to this library are:

- [BuckleScript Interop Cheatsheet](https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/interop-cheatsheet.html)
- [Puppeteer API Docs](https://pptr.dev)

## Projects using bs-puppeteer

- [Hamilton Lottery](https://github.com/jrdrg/hamilton-lottery)
- [lux-pos-web-wallet-e2e](https://github.com/rej156/lux-pos-web-wallet-e2e)
